Baoer, you can't go
Mother, don't worry.
I will come back safely
Let me come occasionally
You have some contempt today
Could it be that you are not who I am?
Then let me unify the heroic and handsome style today
But you have to protect yourself no matter what.
Naimin
Her Royal Highness the Princess also came true for herself
Mu Guiying does not mention the United States
How many country lords have the strongest masters set up?
That's what you said
The strongest archer in the building was killed by an arrow
And you see your parents can't even compare to a child
Dare to compete for the building
Yes, women need to be self-aware
If you don't have the ability, you have to step aside
Talk big here
Lose face of the building
Your Majesty, please think twice
Although the eldest princess is Wei
But let a woman take the lead
It doesn't make any sense.
public
The world is criticized
Your Majesty, please think again.
Your Majesty, think twice.
What about women?
Daxia No.1
You are handsome, why are you not a woman?
He went to war to kill the enemy and defend the country
Let you all these years
Sitting in this golden palace and enjoying the peace of the world
Ever thought he was a woman
Your Majesty, other countries have invaded
You are the courtiers
It's okay if no one dares to come out and fight
And we talked about whether women could go to war.
ignorance
Your Majesty, mother, you two said
Then can the Great Xia woman not fight for the country?
If I were to consume it immediately
Naturally, in the Great Xia, women can stand up to the changes
There can be absolutely no doubt about this
What the mother says is gone
The royal sister coexists with bravery and wisdom
Today, the eldest princess will be authorized to represent Great Xia
The Power of Slashing Great Xia
Raise our country's prestige
courtiers and female soldiers